sup guys it's me vikkstar123 that and
you'll notice you're not watching my
gameplay you watching gameplay from my
buddy killer chronics who has an awesome
game and of course we got this gameplay
eventually and I wasn't going to show
you my perspective because it was pretty
boring I didn't actually have a bad game
it's just that I didn't see many people
to shoot out you know we had the teams
to play it across the map and my part
from that was pretty quiet so I thought
you'd appreciate seeing the most
exciting gameplay on the team - that's
killer chronics going on right now
comeback beginning now so I hope you
guys will enjoy the gameplay and also
just today I am kicking off a new tech
hit Minecraft series on my second
channel and it will be daily yes daily
so a lot of people last week I switched
the uploads on my channel to Minecraft
one day and then Gacy the other day so
alternate days and I know a lot of
people like our Vic know why have you
done that and it was because I wasn't
having the most fun playing those games
as of recently you know I was having fun
when I was playing them but awesome like
I wouldn't gonna play this game get some
footage but Tek it guys has been so much
fun it's basically a crazy combination
of modern add-ons for Minecraft with
technology machines nooks weapons
craziness and loads of new you know ores
and all that kind of stuff and we
started a Tekkit playthrough and I've
recorded loads of that recently so it
will be going up daily for quite some
time on my second channel so if you
aren't already familiar with my second
channel haven't already subscribed it's
always in the description of my videos
and hopefully will be annotated on
screen in this video really enjoying
doing the live content on that channel
so I would recommend that you guys check
it out because you know every so often
I'm like should I be posting this stuff
on my main channel on my second channel
because I know that if I post it's my
main channel I get more views because I
think a few of you guys would be more
inclined to watch it people that aren't
subscribed
my second channel but out of respect for
a lot of the people that said they
didn't want to see those kind of videos
on this channel I'm put up my second
color to give people the option between
the two but I would absolutely love it
if you subscribe to that channel you
know give it a try
subscribe so you see how you enjoy the
videos and yeah that's that so that's
the second channel going on and team
combat gameplay we're starting to get
into the into the tough zone here I mean
as you can see look we're on 68 they're
on what 30 sorry all the way around
we're on 36 they're on 68 but assault
killstreaks were really helpful just
keeping the spawns lockdown definitely
work to our advantage and then boom here
we go in with that three they're not
quite the 4th got your guy on the floor
there but this is a really nice assault
game place there where that's all good
and team comeback is really going quite
well it's definitely enjoyable so the
next step is 6500 and oh that is gonna
meet a challenge a definite challenge
although when you see the end game of
this game you might see it is being
achievable better that's kind of what's
going on at the moment so that's to me
minecraft tekkit daily on my second
channel along with Daisy
that zombie game every other day over
there so got that setup going on and
this gameplay just reeling it into the
end game you can see that with just a
tiny bit behind and what a heroic play
was that running straight over and take
out another guy there running straight
over that made and just tearing through
the enemy team so many kill trees we
couldn't even call them in I think at
this point I had a attack helicopter and
I was one off a pay flow waiting to call
in or something like that so yeah that's
just about the game I didn't quite get
chance to get into my topic for this
video but I will be addressing a pretty
cool topic on the next commentary you
see from me which I'm excited about
doing it I was gonna do it now but it is
gonna I'm gonna be talking about
blocking people on YouTube and trolls
and that kind of stuff in my next video
and I've got some a good idea of what I
want to talk about but this has been
team comeback from 6000 I hope you have
enjoyed hit that like button if you want
to see our step up to 6,500 then 7000
and
1,400 thanks for watching guys as always
and I will be seeing you on the next one
just wait for the score want to pop up
some reason people always want to see
the score boys like yeah you kept that
score ball on the screen come on pick it
up where is it there we go
oh you only just about got to see it but
yeah that was the game play this is an
ultra obviously you know what it does
and I'll see you guys soon